All right.
Okay.
One more step.
All right.
Okay.
You're close.
Yeah.
There it is.
It's the lemon tree.
I've always wanted one.
Thank you so much.
I love it.
Have you had first anniversary?
Oh, thank you.
Can we take a picture?
Yeah.
Okay.
First lemon pie.
S.K.
Before we go on the territory, do you mind?
If we make a stop first?
Today's our wedding anniversary.
Oh, I didn't know.
I'm so sorry.
When Sharon died, I was going through some especially raw days myself.
I keep getting flooded with memories.
That's normal.
You know what my number one help was?
Was prayer.
I do pray.
But it stirs up emotions.
I'm trying to keep down.
Don't keep the emotions down.
Let them out with Jehovah.
Tell them how you really feel, Matt.
Your thoughts are safe with him.
You know, first John 3.20 tells us that God is greater than our hearts and knows all things.
He understands us better than we understand ourselves.
And he's giving us help now that's specific for our needs.
It's going to get better.
Is there anything else you do on those especially raw days?
There is.
But it may be the opposite of what you want to do.
What's that?
Find someone that you can help.
Jesus said that's a guaranteed formula for happiness.
Remind me next year that this is Matt's wedding anniversary day.
Hey, Dan. Have you seen Javier? He's got a part tonight.
No, I haven't seen him.
And they received some bad news today. So really, there they are.
Our first part tonight will be handled by Brother Javier Vales.
It's the...
Well, I should put it if I read it from the reference.
Yeah, it's the 2011 watchtower.
So we've had a great meeting.
That's conclude with song and prayer.
Thanks for your text last night.
I know my talk was not what it should have been.
He did fine.
Especially after your day yesterday.
We always parent on time.
And now we're being evicted.
And for no reason.
How are we going to find a new place to live just two weeks?
After I asked K.E.
We sold everything to make this move.
But it's been one thing after another.
We can't seem to catch a break.
I'm so sorry.
Lauren and I experienced a rough patch like this,
soon after we were married.
We prayed a lot.
We kept our expenses to a minimum.
We did something else too.
We made it a goal to stick to a good spiritual team.
And not isolate ourselves.
And that's why I really want to commend both you
for coming last night.
I know I made Jehovah's Heart Bad.
Thanks, Matt.
Try it.
We want to show Jehovah we trust in him.
Remember, it goes both ways.
With someone loyal, Jehovah will act in loyalty.
He won't let you down.
You'll see.
Just come with me this one time.
You know we can't do that.
We've already decided.
Explain to me why.
I'll show it to you.
Why?
From this?
Yes.
No, stop.
I'm done.
I'm done with your religion.
I'm done with this.
Ian.
Let's hear from you.
Any further comments?
Sister Raples.
Did you get to talk to Levi?
No.
But I did talk to his mom.
She said that the divorce has been really difficult.
We should do something.
You know we can do something.
The Chinese will be Levi.
Are you kidding me?
Use the Chinese food all the time with...
I can't believe he left.
Levi, read this scripture.
Here in Psalms.
Even if my own father and mother abandoned me.
Jehovah himself will take me in.
Jehovah will take you in too, Levi.
You know, loved ones may leave us.
But Jehovah never will.
You and your mom are never alone.
We're all part of Jehovah's family.
That's right, Levi.
We all have each other.
Jehovah is a God who hates injustice.
In fact, he's promised to eliminate it.
We can read that promise together in the book of Psalm 37.
We'll begin reading it.
I feel bad for brother Tobias.
It always seems to be in pain.
Yeah.
It's his hip.
But he's always faithful.
Never misses a meeting.
Does he live by himself?
I think his wife died a while back.
It's just him now.
Good morning, brother Tobias.
Levi.
We've had a ton of lees falling in our yard that needed cleaning up.
Man, I thought I'd see if he needs some help around here.
Far be it for me to refuse free hope.
Levi, come.
So you went to Bethel?
Then Gillian?
I did.
I want to go to Bethel someday.
Harvey and Michelle, they took me not that long ago.
And I really liked what I saw.
That is an excellent goal.
You'll never go wrong putting spiritual things first in your life.
And where did you work when you were in Bethel?
I worked on a line of type machine.
Line of type?
What's that?
Come, let me show you how we did it on our day.
Don't sit down.
There's a picture.
Good night, everyone.
I'll be back tomorrow to fish up the leaves.
Sounds good.
I'll have a hot chocolate ready.
I never alone part of Jehovah's family.